c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Butts.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Butts.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\obj\x86\Debug\Butts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\obj\x86\Debug\Butts.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\obj\x86\Debug\Butts.pdb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HI.png
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Icon.ico
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HIatt.png
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Icon.ico
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\text_0.png
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\text.fnt
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Butts\Butts\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Weed.png
